MULE-16283: Add JDK cryptography extension explanation for Secure Properties Tool doc (#196)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/secure-configuration-properties.adoc

  example2: "![En8lII21ZHrdIaINw0+mSA==]"
----

> Take into consideration that key sizes may depend on the Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) version. For example, from version 1.8.0_161, AES key size should be of 32 characters (256 bytes), instead of 16 for previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take into consideration that key sizes may depend on the Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) version. For example, since version 1.8.0_161, AES key size should be of at least 32 characters (256 bytes), instead of 16 for previous versions.
```
